Raven default to pessimistic concurrency (#5204)
Particular/docs.particular.net: persistence/ravendb/saga-concurrency_concurrency_raven_[6.4,7).partial.md

> By default, RavenDB persistence uses [optimistic concurrency control](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Optimistic_concurrency_control) when updating or deleting saga data, though starting with NServiceBus.RavenDB version 6.4, it's possible to consider the persister to use pessmimistic locking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, RavenDB persistence uses [optimistic concurrency control](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Optimistic_concurrency_control) when updating or deleting saga data, though starting with NServiceBus.RavenDB version 6.4, it's possible to configure the persister to use pessimistic locking.
```
